h1. sbteclipse

This project is a plugin for "SBT 0.10.x":http://github.com/harrah/xsbt/ providing a command to create "Eclipse":http://www.eclipse.org/ project files from a SBT project (possibly containing subprojects).

h2. Changes in latest version

* #22: Use test configuration for UpdateReport from updateClassifiers (improvement)
* #21: Duplicate project dependency in Eclipse if normal and test dependency (bug)
* #20: Multi-module library dependencies support broken (bug)
* #10: Pretty print Eclipse XML files (feature)
* #19: Added option for same target directory (feature)

h2. Installing sbteclipse as a SBT plugin

* To "install" the plugin, either use a local or the globel plugin definition (for details about SBT plugins please see the "SBT documentation":https://github.com/harrah/xsbt/wiki/Plugins):
** The local plugin is just a _build.sbt_ file in the _project/plugins_ folder of your project
** The global plugin is defined via a _build.sbt_ file in the directory _~/.sbt/plugins_.
* Just add the below lines to your _build.sbt_ file, paying attention to the blank line between the two blocks:

<pre><code>resolvers += {
  val typesafeRepoUrl = new java.net.URL("http://repo.typesafe.com/typesafe/releases")
  val pattern = Patterns(false, "[organisation]/[module]/[sbtversion]/[revision]/[type]s/[module](-[classifier])-[revision].[ext]")
  Resolver.url("Typesafe Repository", typesafeRepoUrl)(pattern)
}

libraryDependencies <<= (libraryDependencies, sbtVersion) { (deps, version) => 
  deps :+ ("com.typesafe.sbteclipse" %% "sbteclipse" % "1.3-RC3" extra("sbtversion" -> version))
}
</code></pre>

h2. Using sbteclipse to create Eclipse project files

* As soon as sbteclipse is properly set up as a plugin, you can use the command _eclipse_ in an SBT session to create Eclipse project files
* After having created the Eclipse project files you can import the project in Eclipse using the "Import Wizard" to import "Existing Projects into Workspace"

h2. Options

* _create-src_ to create the common source directories, e.g. _src/main/scala_, _src/main/test_, etc.
* _same-targets_ to make sbt and Eclipse compile into the same target directories; by default the Eclipse directories will be different, e.g. _.target_
* _skip-root_ to skip project creation for the root project
* _with-sources_ to create source attachments for the library dependencies

h2. Example

<pre><code>tmp$ mkdir test
tmp$ cd test
test$ sbt
> eclipse create-src
[info] Successfully created Eclipse project files. Please select the appropriate Eclipse plugin for Scala 2.8.1!
</code></pre>

h2. License

sbteclipse is open source software licensed under the "Apache 2.0 License":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html. If you like it, feel free to use it!
